[master < change-support-link] Update list of support channels (#589)
memgraph/docs: help-center/overview.md

  - **[Memgraph Lab FAQ](/faq/memgraph-lab-faq.md)**
  - **[MAGE FAQ](/faq/mage-faq.md)**

🙋 Post a question on
**[StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/memgraphdb)** with
the tag **memgraphdb**. You can also ask your question on our
[**Discord server**](https://discord.gg/memgraph) or [**Discourse
forum**](https://discourse.memgraph.com/). There is always someone from Memgraph
or graph community there to help!

> 🎫 Open **[an GitHub issue](https://github.com/memgraph)** in corresponding repository to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🎫 Open **[a GitHub issue](https://github.com/memgraph)** in the corresponding repository to:
```
